Updates to onnx bug template (#2867)
onnx/onnx: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug.md

---
# Bug Report

> ### Is the issue related to model conversion?

Author: Let's keep this is as a first section for now atleast. Right now we see a lot of issues related to model conversion and then we have to spend eng hours to redirect them to the right repo. IMO it would be best if we ask this as a question instead of note. Let's see if this reduces the number of converter issues we see in onnx. 
When the issue is not related to model conversion they can simply answer no and proceed to next section

> If onnx checker reports issues with this model then this is most probably related to the converter used to convert the original framework model to onnx. Please create this bug in the converter github repo to get the best help.

Reviewer: Quick wording suggestions!
```suggestion
If the ONNX checker reports issues with this model then this is most probably related to the converter used to convert the original framework model to ONNX. Please create this bug in the converter Github repo (tensorflow-onnx, sklearn-onnx, keras-onnx, onnxmltools) to get the best assistance
```
